# SensorSolution17
The project aims to develop a wearable device to detect the exposure to the Ultraviolet and polluted air of the people who wears this device, and to alarm them when they have been exposed to dangerous amount of UV or air pollution. Besides, through wireless communication, the device can transmit data to smartphones, PCs or Cloud platforms, where data can be organized and analyzed.

In March 2017, We have completed an integrated prototype of wearable device for ultraviolet radiation and air pollution as well as a smart phone App that work with the device. Arduino MKR1000 is utilized as the MCU. The sensor parts are ML8511 for UV, and GP2y1010AU0F for dust. For the power module, LiPo Battery is connected to the MCU, on which there is a circuit for battery charging connected with an external wireless charging module. The App is built on Blynk IoT Platform, which allows users to design IoT application GUI by adding codes and wadgets. This prototype can send sensors data to two servers: Blynk server for App and Samsung Artik server for data display. In addition, parameters can be set in the smart phone App and be sent to the device. 

Before May 2017, we have completed an integrated prototype of wearable device for ultraviolet radiation and air pollution as well as an smart phone App that work with the device. Unlike the prototype of the last quarter, this device is based on Bluetooth Low Energy(BLE). Simblee Lilypad is utilized as the MCU. The sensor parts are ML8511 for UV, and MQ2 for air pollution. For the power module, LiPo Battery is connected to the MCU, on which there is a circuit for battery charging connected with an external wireless charging module. The App is built on Simblee IoT Platform, which allows users to design IoT application GUI by adding codes and wadgets. This prototype can send sensors data directly to the smartphone for data display. In addition, parameters can be set in the smart phone App and be sent to the device. In addition, comparison has been done between BLE prototype and last quarter’s Wi-Fi prototype.
